[DOC] OSSM-6958 Correction in Tempo/OTEL chapter about mTLS (#81821)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-configuring-distr-tracing-tempo.adoc

          exporters: [otlp]
----
<1> Include the namespace in the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` member list.
<2> In this example, a TempoStack instance is running in the `tracing-system` namespace. You do not have to include the TempoStack namespace, such as`tracing-system`, in the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` member list.
+
[NOTE]
====

> * You only need to create one instance of the OpenTelemetry Collector in one of the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` member namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a single instance of the OpenTelemetry Collector in one of the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` member namespaces.
```

. Verify the `istiod` pod logs and the `otel-collector` pod logs.

[id="configuring-otel-collector-mtls-encrypted-namespace_{context}"]
== Configuring the `OpenTelemetryCollector` in a mTLS encrypted Service Mesh member namespace

All traffic is TLS encrypted when you enable Service Mesh `dataPlane` mTLS encryption.

To enable the mesh to communicate with `OpenTelemetryCollector` service, disable the TLS `trafficPolicy` by applying a `DestinationRule` for the `OpenTelemetryCollector` service:

.Example DestinationRule Tempo
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: DestinationRule
metadata:
  name: otel-disable-tls
spec:
  host: "otel-collector.bookinfo.svc.cluster.local"
  trafficPolicy:
    tls:

>   	mode: DISABLE

Reviewer 2: Wrong formatting ( probably TAB instead of spaces )

Author: Copied from the GDoc. Don't know if that used space instead of TAB, or if it got converted from TAB to space.

. Verify the `istiod` pod logs and the `otel-collector` pod logs.

[id="configuring-otel-collector-mtls-encrypted-namespace_{context}"]

> == Configuring the `OpenTelemetryCollector` in a mTLS encrypted Service Mesh member namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configuring the `OpenTelemetryCollector` resource in a mTLS encrypted Service Mesh member namespace
```

Reviewer: Also, since this is a single step procedure, does it really require a discrete sub-section? Could it be added as an optional step in the parent procedure? Or else flesh it out into a complete procedure. Same comment for the short procedure that follows it:
`Configuring the Red Hat OpenShift distributed tracing platform (Tempo) in a mTLS encrypted Service Mesh member namespace`.

IMO this would read better under a single parent procedure with clear optional steps for these items.

Author: Understandable. However, additional changes and restructuring of 2.x docs is not a priority as Service Mesh has shifted to Service Mesh 3.0. 

Good suggestion for 3.0 GA.

All traffic is TLS encrypted when you enable Service Mesh `dataPlane` mTLS encryption.

> To enable the mesh to communicate with `OpenTelemetryCollector` service, disable the TLS `trafficPolicy` by applying a `DestinationRule` for the `OpenTelemetryCollector` service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the mesh to communicate with the `OpenTelemetryCollector` service, disable the TLS `trafficPolicy` by applying a `DestinationRule` for the `OpenTelemetryCollector` service:
```

> .Example DestinationRule Tempo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example DestinationRule Tempo CR
```

. Verify the `istiod` pod logs and the `otel-collector` pod logs.

[id="configuring-otel-collector-mtls-encrypted-namespace_{context}"]
== Configuring the `OpenTelemetryCollector` in a mTLS encrypted Service Mesh member namespace

All traffic is TLS encrypted when you enable Service Mesh `dataPlane` mTLS encryption.

> When the `OpenTelemetryCollector` is not part of the mesh, meaning there is no sidecar, this encryption is not expected.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

You don't need to mention this. Even if OTEL is part of the mesh, we still need to apply the following DestinationRule so that data is not encrypted to Tempo.
